Question: How did viewing a diff between 
two versions of a file help you see 
the bug that was introduced?

Answer: Viewing a diff between 2 versions
of a file helps me spot the difference 
between the two, and from there I can 
quicly what modifications have been made. 
That's where the bug is likely to be.

Question: How could having easy access 
to the entire history of a file make 
you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Answer: 
+ I can see what changes others have made to the 
project, and discuss with them about those.
+ I can also review the changes I have made
and choose to continue working on the project
of any phase. This is going to be useful if I made
mistakes in the earliest versions of the project.

Question: What do you think are the pros and cons 
of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions 
automatically saved, like Google docs does?

Answer:
+ Pros: Programmers can choose when to make a breaking
point and ensure what each one will make sense.
+ Cons: Programmers might nor make meaningful breaking 
point, and the change might be too big (when programmers
forget to save changes) or too small (when programmers
save changes too frequently).

Question: Why do you think some version control systems, 
like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately? 

Answer: Because a project involves multiple files interacting
with each other. It's logical to allow saving multiple files 
in 1 commit.

Question: How can you use the commands git log and 
git diff to view the history of files?

Answer: 
+ Command git log shows the changes made to the project
+ Command git diff helps you compare 2 versions of a file

Question: How might using version control make you 
more confident to make changes that could break something?

Answer: I can feel free to make any changes without 
messing up my code because I could go back at any stage and 
check my code, and I can even discard the changes if I want to.

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, 
what do you want to try using Git for?

Answer: I wanna use Git to have a better control over 
my projects. I wanna be more organized, and I don't wanna
worry about messing up my code.

